<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ops="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Prelude</title>
  <link href="css/style.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>

<div class="poetry">
<div class="stanza">
<p>All in the golden afternoon</p>
<p class="indented">Full leisurely we glide;</p>
<p>For both our oars, with little skill,</p>
<p class="indented">By little arms are plied</p>
<p>While little hands make vain pretence</p>
<p class="indented">Our wanderings to guide.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour</p>
<p class="indented">Beneath such dreamy weather,</p>
<p>To beg a tale of breath too weak</p>
<p class="indented">To stir the tiniest feather!</p>
<p>Yet what can one poor voice avail</p>
<p class="indented">Against three tongues together?</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Imperious Prima flashes forth</p>
<p class="indented">Her edict to &lsquo;begin it&rsquo;:</p>
<p>In gentler tone Secunda hopes</p>
<p class="indented">&lsquo;There will be nonsense in it&rsquo;</p>
<p>While Tertia interrupts the tale</p>
<p class="indented">Not <em>more</em> than once a minute.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Anon, to sudden silence won,</p>
<p class="indented">In fancy they pursue</p>
<p>The dream-child moving through a land</p>
<p class="indented">Of wonders wild and new,</p>
<p>In friendly chat with bird or beast&mdash;</p>
<p class="indented">And half believe it true.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>And ever, as the story drained</p>
<p class="indented">The wells of fancy dry,</p>
<p>And faintly strove that weary one</p>
<p class="indented">To put the subject by,</p>
<p>&lsquo;The rest next time&rsquo; &ndash; &lsquo;It <em>is</em> next time!&rsquo;</p>
<p class="indented">The happy voices cry.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:</p>
<p class="indented">Thus slowly, one by one,</p>
<p>Its quaint events were hammered out&mdash;</p>
<p class="indented">And now the tale is done,</p>
<p>And home we steer, a merry crew,</p>
<p class="indented">Beneath the setting sun.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Alice! a childish story take,</p>
<p class="indented">And with a gentle hand</p>
<p>Lay it where Childhood&#8217;s dreams are twined</p>
<p class="indented">In Memory&#8217;s mystic band,</p>
<p>Like pilgrim&#8217;s wither&#8217;d wreath of flowers</p>
<p class="indented">Pluck&#8217;d in a far-off land.</p>
</div>
</div>

</body>
</html>
